what up Long Beach welcome back to use
at sports com and the press-telegram
it's mike and the CIF basketball video
is brought to you by naples rib company
Nia Long Beach Poly Jackrabbits hitting
the road once again this time at Corona
Roosevelt High School Holly trying to
win a quarterfinal game here in the one
double a bracket led by point guard KJ
at bagan trying to get back to the
semifinals for the fourth straight year
they got to get through Jamal Baker and
the rest of the Mustangs to do it was
about kind of surprising probably came
out in a zone all he thought they were
going to see man and chris sullivan hits
this three but holly was settling and
that's not what they wanted to do
because on the other end leo goodman
leaves it up there for williams so we go
to class the 101 how do you beat the
zone start with the dribble penetration
thanks for the demonstration here
professor Fagan obviously dribble
penetration is not always going to be
consistent so you want to try and get
some transition buckets get back there
before the zone can set up that always
works thank you dr. Sullivan for that
and most important I mean get it to your
big guy Jordan Dallas in the middle they
need games like this from him in these
one double-a playoffs he had 16 and
eight tonight and again not a lot of
guys match up with a 6 foot 9 post
player here in the one double a bracket
in the in the 2014 playoffs so Dallas
plays like this and a half are going to
be crucial poly just a four-point lead
because Roosevelt was hitting big shots
and tail and webb says I mean these
things are staying right here we're not
going anywhere but Jordan Dallas's are
you sure you're staying right here comes
up with a block there he had three
blocks in this game and poly staying
active on defense that's something you
expect them to do but what was different
this time from previous games was you
know they got the hustle plays on
offense went down to Drew bugs the
sophomore a big play right there
Dallas had them worried about the inside
so three was open I mean all he was able
to hit some big shots in the second half
KJ Fagan gets his phenomenal second half
started right there coach Sheldon Biggs
like that and I love this when Polly
gets blocked specially Jordan Dallas
that isn't knocking out of bounds he
knocks it to his teammates and it
actually means it's a poly possession
instead of just the other team takes it
out so KJ Fagan he's heating up as we
say when we're staying up till 3am
playing NBA jam and they were waiting on
KJ like the first and the fifteenth
because this kid is money 20 points to
lead all scorers in the game a kid for
straight threes to put poly up by 16
points you know I don't really know what
else you could do with this kid in this
game because every time you touch the
ball in the third fourth quarter he
knocked down a huge shot and you can see
he was feeling himself after that one
smiling up and down the court and he
earned the right to do so Dallas
continued to work hard but Polly they're
gonna do it semifinals fourth straight
year the digs brothers like it coach
Atkinson likes it the Jackrabbits bench
likes it it was a good day to be a
jackrabbit KJ Fagan wonderful 24
performance puts them up 72 52 /
Roosevelt and poly is moving on they're
gonna host inglewood on Tuesday finally
get a home game back at the wrong Palmer
pavilion we will obviously see you in
the building
you